wrap first draft (#83)
GSK-Biostatistics/docorator: NEWS.md

# docorator (development)

> * Add fancywrap function to wrap fancyrows so they fit on the page in `render_pdf()` but remain unaffected for other rendering (#36)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add option `fancywrap` to `render_pdf()` to support text wrapping of headers/footers for pdf outputs (#36)
```
